Improved Documentation for Encoder Decoder models (#17287)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/en/model_doc/encoder-decoder.mdx

An application of this architecture could be to leverage two pretrained [`BertModel`] as the encoder
and decoder for a summarization model as was shown in: [Text Summarization with Pretrained Encoders](https://arxiv.org/abs/1908.08345) by Yang Liu and Mirella Lapata.

> ## Initialising the [`EncoderDecoderModel`] using only architecture

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Randomely initializing [`EncoderDecoderModel`] from model configurations.
```

> In this we only take the architecture from the existing model, not the weights. In the below code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`EncoderDecoderModel`] can be randomly initialized from an encoder and a decoder config. In the following example, we should how to do this using the default [`BertModel`] configuration for both the encoder and the decoder.
```

> we make both encoder and decoder architecture same as bert architecture.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```python
>>> from transformers import BertConfig, EncoderDecoderConfig, EncoderDecoderModel

>>> config_encoder = BertConfig()
>>> config_decoder = BertConfig()

>>> config = EncoderDecoderConfig.from_encoder_decoder_configs(config_encoder, config_decoder)
>>> model = EncoderDecoderModel(config=config)
```

> ## Initialising the [`EncoderDecoderModel`] using models from the hub

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Initialising [`EncoderDecoderModel`] from a pretrained encoder and a pretrained decoder.
```

> In this we initialize both architecture and weights of existing model. In the below example

Reviewer: [`EncoderDecoderModel`] can be initialized from a pretrained encoder checkpoint and a pretrained decoder checkpoint. Note that any pretrained auto-encoding model, *e.g.* BERT, can serve as the encoder and both pretrained auto-encoding models, *e.g.* BERT, pretrained causal language models, *e.g.* GPT2, as well as the pretrained decoder part of sequence-to-sequence models, *e.g.* decoder of BART, can be used as the decoder.
Depending on which architecture you choose as the decoder, the cross-attention layers might be randomly initialized. 
Initializing [`EncoderDecoderModel`] from a pretrained encoder and decoder checkpoint requires the model to be fine-tuned on a downstream task, as has been shown in [the *Warm-starting-encoder-decoder blog post*](https://huggingface.co/blog/warm-starting-encoder-decoder).

> In this we initialize both architecture and weights of existing model. In the below example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`EncoderDecoderModel`] can be initialized from a pretrained encoder checkpoint and a pretrained decoder checkpoint. Note that any pretrained auto-encoding model, *e.g.* BERT, can serve as the encoder and both pretrained auto-encoding models, *e.g.* BERT, pretrained causal language models, *e.g.* GPT2, as well as the pretrained decoder part of sequence-to-sequence models, *e.g.* decoder of BART, can be used as the decoder.
Depending on which architecture you choose as the decoder, the cross-attention layers might be randomly initialized. 
Initializing [`EncoderDecoderModel`] from a pretrained encoder and decoder checkpoint requires the model to be fine-tuned on a downstream task, as has been shown in [the *Warm-starting-encoder-decoder blog post*](https://huggingface.co/blog/warm-starting-encoder-decoder).
```

> we make bert based encoder and decoder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```python
>>> from transformers import EncoderDecoderModel, BertTokenizer

>>> tokenizer = BertTokenizer.from_pretrained("bert-base-uncased")
>>> model = EncoderDecoderModel.from_encoder_decoder_pretrained("bert-base-uncased", "bert-base-uncased")
```

> ## Loading the existing [`EncoderDecoderModel`]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Loading an existing [`EncoderDecoderModel`] checkpoint.
```

> This is to load existing EncoderDecoder Model from local/hub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To load fine-tuned checkpoints of the `EncoderDecoderModel` class, ['EncoderDecoderModel`] provides the `from_pretrained(...)` method just like any other model architectures in Transformers.
```

```python
>>> from transformers import EncoderDecoderModel

>>> model = EncoderDecoderModel.from_pretrained("patrickvonplaten/bert2bert_cnn_daily_mail")
```

> ##Loading from pytorch checkpoint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##Loading a PyTorch checkpoint into `TFEncoderDecoderModel`.
```

> The [`~TFEncoderDecoderModel.from_pretrained`] currently doesn't support initializing the model from a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`TFEncoderDecoderModel.from_pretrained`] currently doesn't support initializing the model from a
```

pytorch checkpoint. Passing `from_pt=True` to this method will throw an exception. If there are only pytorch
checkpoints for a particular encoder-decoder model, a workaround is:

```python
>>> # a workaround to load from pytorch checkpoint
>>> from transformers import EncoderDecoderModel, TFEncoderDecoderModel

>>> _model = EncoderDecoderModel.from_pretrained("patrickvonplaten/bert2bert-cnn_dailymail-fp16")

>>> _model.encoder.save_pretrained("./encoder")
>>> _model.decoder.save_pretrained("./decoder")

>>> model = TFEncoderDecoderModel.from_encoder_decoder_pretrained(
...     "./encoder", "./decoder", encoder_from_pt=True, decoder_from_pt=True
... )
>>> # This is only for copying some specific attributes of this particular model.
>>> model.config = _model.config
```

## Training

> Once the model is created,it can be finetuned simliar to Bart,T5 or any other EncoderDecoder model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the model is created,it can be finetuned simliar to Bart,T5 or any other encoder-decoder model.
```
